group covariance mmrm (#97)
openpharma/mmrm: vignettes/algorithm.Rmd

subject specific $\Sigma_i$ covariance matrices on the diagonal and 0 in the
remaining entries.

> ### Linear model with group covariance matrix

Reviewer: thanks @clarkliming this is a good start and you understood the problem well! To simplify the vignette, I would recommend to 
1) move this as a subsubsection within the `Covariance matrix model` subsection
2) simplify the description - no need to repeat the model definition as such, but enough to say `\Sigma_{i} = S_i^\top \Sigma_{g(i)} S_i`
where `g(i)` is mapping the subject `i` to its covariance group `g`.

In addition, 
3) discuss how the parameter vector `theta` contains all covariance parameters for the let's say total `G` covariance groups

Other covariance matrix choices are explained in the
[covariance structures vignette](covariance.html).

#### Grouped covariance matrix

> In some cases, the covariance matrix is different in different groups, while the covariance structures remain the same across groups.

Reviewer 2: Slight rephrasing to help with my personal understanding. 

```suggestion
In some cases, we would like to estimate unique covariance matrices across groups, while keeping the covariance structure (unstructured, ante-dependence, Toeplitz, etc.) consistent across groups.
```

Other covariance matrix choices are explained in the
[covariance structures vignette](covariance.html).

#### Grouped covariance matrix

In some cases, the covariance matrix is different in different groups, while the covariance structures remain the same across groups.
Following the notations in the previous section, for subject $i$ in group $g(i)$, we have

\[
\Sigma_{i} = S_i^\top \Sigma_{g(i)} S_i
\]

where $g(i)$ is the group of subject $i$ and $\Sigma_{g(i)}$ is the covariance matrix of group $g(i)$.

> ##### Parametrization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The parametrization of $\theta$ is similar to other non-grouped $\theta$.
Assume that there are total number of $G$ groups, the length of $\theta$ is multiplied by $G$, and for each part, $\theta$ is parametrized in the same fashion.

> Following unstructured covariance matrix, $\theta$ has $k = G * m(m+1)/2$ entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for an unstructured covariance matrix, $\theta$ has $k = G * m(m+1)/2$ entries.
```

> Similarly for other covariance matrix choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
